docs: add IDKit invite-code mode page (#111)
worldcoin/developer-docs: world-id/idkit/integrate.mdx

> Tip: To integrate faster, give your coding agent the [Build with LLMs prompt](/world-id/idkit/build-with-llms) — copy it once, paste into Claude, Cursor, or any AI coding assistant.

> <Note>

Author: Move this step 4

  Need to onboard users who don't yet hold the credential you're requesting?

>   See [Invite-code mode](/world-id/idkit/verification-flows#with-invite-code-mode) — it gives the user a

Author: Move this to step 4, and instead of referencing invite code mode specifically, have it introduce the idea of verification flows.

  short code to enter in World App, which then walks them through onboarding

>   before returning the proof. Currently iOS-only on the World App side.

Author: ```suggestion
  before returning the proof. Supported by World App on iOS only.
```
